## How I solved 2 problems in Project Euler

While the problems were physically tedious to solve, a couple of simple coding tricks can change all of that - the **for loop, function and if statement**. The for loop is basically a control flow statement for specifying iteration, which allows code to be executed repeatedly. 
For example the first problem I solved was the following -
**If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.**
The way I solved this was quite simple - 
First, I established a global total and set the initial value to 0 using a function. Then I looped through all values from 0 to 1000 and established 2 variables, one to check if the number is divisible by 3 and the other, by 5. After that, I used an if statement to check if both the variables’  values were 0. If it returns true, then I call the function and the number is logged. 

### Now, for the second problem -
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

First, I generated a fibonacci series by using a for loop and incrementing the variable ‘i’ and updating the values of 2 other variables. Then I added my first term(1) + my second term (2) and added product of my previous numbers to the second term. Then, I checked to see if the value is even and if so, added it to a total sum.I repeated this in a for loop and finally logged the answer.
